# Server Rules

- **All applicable rules of the Ori the Game Discord Server apply here.**
- **I (Eti) reserve the right to alter anyone's permissions and restrict anyone's access for any reason at any time.** It's my server, so I choose who serves as staff, who does or doesn't get to join, and more.
  - **I cannot guarantee server uptime.** Servers are expensive, and I don't have a job. This is coming out of my personal game development earnings. If the server goes down, I can't help you.
  - **All moderation decisions are ultimately decided by me.** Again - it's my server. If you need any help with the server specifically, go to me. In the event of abuse of power from staff in the server, do __*not*__ report this to MS (as the Discord server mentions in Rule 13) and instead report it to me. I will handle everything else.
  - **These rules are not exclusive.** Something not being here does *NOT* imply that it's allowed. If you do something foolish then try to use that logic on me, I will perform the extra step of smacking you before I get rid of you.
- **Be respectful.** Mind your own business on the place. If people don't want you in their house or building close to them, be respectful and go somewhere else. It goes the other way too -- Don't be over the top and make sure nobody does anything within some absurd distance of you. If you want to be secluded, then spend *your* time to go out somewhere far (or ask me to teleport you away) - don't make other people leave for you.
  - **You're not some primitive beast.** If you disagree with someone, work it out, and *ask me for help* if things aren't going well. If I have to come in and deal with garbage because you failed to use words with someone, or made no effort to reach some agreement, I am not going to be happy.
- **Do not interfere with others' items or builds.** If you steal someone's stuff, you'll be banned and the items will be forcefully restored to the owner's inventory. If you grief someone's designs, the changes will be reverted and you will be banned. I don't tolerate this garbage. This is a cooperative server designed for a friendly community, not your anarchy server of choosing.
- **Do not be destructive.** Griefing not only applies to players, but it applies to the world too. Purposely mangling up the world (throwing random blocks down everywhere, randomly destroying patches of land for the hell of it, etc) is grounds for punishment.
